docs:#1222 adds caution about redpanda.remote.readreplica with remote read or write (#1274)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/pages/schema-reg/schema-reg-overview.adoc

In Redpanda, the messages exchanged between producers and consumers contain raw bytes. Schemas enable producers and consumers to share the information needed to serialize and deserialize those messages. They register and retrieve the schemas they use in the Schema Registry to ensure data verification.

Schemas are versioned, and the registry supports configurable compatibility modes between schema versions. When a producer or a consumer requests to register a schema change, the registry checks for schema compatibility and returns an error for an incompatible change. Compatibility modes can ensure that data flowing through a system is well-structured and easily evolves.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> *Schema size limitations*: Schema Registry works best with schemas of 128KB in size or less. Large schemas can consume significant memory resources and may cause system instability or crashes, particularly in memory-constrained environments. For Protobuf and Avro schemas, Redpanda recommends using schema xref:manage:schema-reg/schema-reg-api.adoc#reference-a-schema[references] to break up large schemas into smaller constituent parts.

Reviewer: I wouldn't call this a 'limitation' per se like the original ticket says. Maybe 'best practice' or something along these lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Schema size best practices*: For optimal performance, keep schemas at 128KB or smaller. Large schemas can consume significant memory and may cause system instability in memory-constrained environments. For Protobuf and Avro schemas, Redpanda Data recommends using schema xref:manage:schema-reg/schema-reg-api.adoc#reference-a-schema[references] to break up large schemas into smaller components.
```

Consider this simplification

Reviewer 2: good idea
